No need for you
Ouch, you can really blow.
I'm not afraid of the wind hurting my tongue
If you can eat well, you are sick
Not only do you not have to close for a while
You can still get my admiration.
What are you looking at?
Look at your face
My art is better than yours. Can I use you?
Hey
I see you are not satisfied
How about we make a bet?
What will the clothes do?
I bet I can't cure him
If I cure you, get off this street
If I don't get cured
I quit this street
How is it?
Xiaofan oops
Thank you for being a doctor
Ouch, dare to kill him
What's the matter, you dare not
Who wouldn't dare?
If you can't cure it in one minute, get out of here
The day I just said clearly
How did it become a minute?
You are really a rascal
A minute is the smallest thing, not me humming
If you're afraid, mix it up